borussia dortmund stars were shining
bright in 2014 when the black and
yellows visited Hannover Messe Hummels
Levin dusky and Royce demonstrated
exactly what a year top team can do when
it's firing on all cylinders enjoy some
world stars in full flow but that didn't
mean that per se wouldn't have at least
one worrying moment
[Applause]
escape the Bellagio
something waking out looking
made invincible
[Applause]
who scores for volition up
it was clear that Jurgen Klopp wanted a
second goal and after the break Dortmund
raised the bar even higher this is Devon
dusty breaking through
he's got both men in front of him can he
get herself on the ski
go ski he took on all the defenders
he saw a Japanese shot a really great
goal number 16 - Robert Lewandowski -
girls up and one goal of the season
contender but there was still time for
Marco Royce even if it didn't directly
go to plan he must be furious at missing
that one usually makes no mistake from
that distance but if at first you don't
succeed chance for more share mark or
rice
[Applause]
he gets his girl at last after missing a
sitter says thank you to the heavens
mouthful Royce
drop so happy for him three-nil Borussia
a resounding result of the sounding
victory before Volusia Dortmund
it was indeed a deserved win for
Borussia Dortmund and one that brought
the best out of their stars take about
maximals Marco Royce and Robin Levin
dusky
[Music]
you